chore: Move chef-cli docs to fern (#186)
devrev/fern-api-docs: fern/docs/pages/airdrop/initial-domain-mapping.mdx

The recommended method is to run:

```bash
chef-cli ctx switch --env prod
```

This prints the list of Airdrop imports in the org. Select the one you want by running:
```bash
eval $(chef-cli ctx switch --env prod --id <import_id>); chef-cli ctx show
```

If this method doesn't work, you can manually export the variable (replacing the values based on the logs of your running import):

```bash
export AIRDROP_CONTEXT='{"run_id":"1","mode":"initial","connection_id":"x","migration_unit_id":"1234","dev_org_id":"DEV-XXXX","dev_user_id":"DEVU-1","source_id":"07-16","source_type":"ADaaS","source_unit_id":"x","source_unit_name":"x","import_slug":"x","snap_in_slug":"x"}'
```

Or you can use the interactive helper of the CLI:

```bash
eval $(chef-cli ctx init); chef-cli ctx show > ctx.json
```

### Use the local UI to create a recipe blueprint for your initial import

```bash
chef-cli configure-mappings --env prod
```

If you are also creating a bidirectional sync (DevRev to external system), to enable mapping in both directions, use:
```bash
chef-cli configure-mappings --env prod --reverse
```

> If your org is not in *US-East-1*, you have to override an environment variable to make sure the tool reaches the right server, e.g.:

Reviewer: Enum values in code.
```suggestion
If your org is not in `US-East-1`, you have to override an environment variable to make sure the tool reaches the right server. For example:
```

```bash
ACTIVE_PARTITION=dvrv-in-1 chef-cli configure-mappings --env prod
```

> where the options are: `dvrv-us-1`, `dvrv-eu-1`, `dvrv-in-1`, and `dvrv-de-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The options are: `dvrv-us-1`, `dvrv-eu-1`, `dvrv-in-1`, and `dvrv-de-1`.
```
